Seven heavens call upon its name.
Seven lands tremble at its fame.
The sacred kris is shrouded in mystery.
Thought to be lost for all eternity.
Centuries pass with nary a whisper.
A mystical secret for one to discover.
Inderaloka belongs to me…
Raja Bersiong!
You won't… get away… with this.
The chosen ones will return.
The Lone Gibbon Kris will awaken.
Tears will reveal your true identity.
Lone Gibb--
Get that kris now!
Upin, hurry!
Run, Upin! Run!
There he is!
BOTTLES
Rembo!
Rembo, wait!
We'll get you!
Why do you always steal my shoe?
Don't you have other shoes to steal?
Hey! Don't get so mad at him.
He's just a chicken.
Well, next time, he'll be cooked.
Let's find Atok.
-Atok!
-Oh!
-Atok?
Atok.
Let's go.
Don't do that, Tok!
What if we had a heart attack?
Heart attack?
You kids are too young for that.
Disgusting.
Reminds me of our room!
That's why I asked you to help me.
You two, clean up over there.
What's this?
Wow, so many krises!
Be careful with that!
It's sharp!
I know.
Where did you get all these cool things?
It's my secret stash.
They're all family heirlooms
passed down from my ancestors.
See this one, right here?
This is from Ah Tong.
Uncle Ah Tong had a kris?
Where did he get that?
Some guy sold it to him,
so, of course, he bought it.
You know, I've got a really strange kris.
An old man gave it to me.
He called it the Lone Gibbon Kris.
The Lone Gibbon?
Legend has it--
‪Scoot!‬
Ouch!
Watch it, chicken!
No. Not my good shirt.
That's poop.
Hey, that's enough.
You two get back to cleaning this shed.
And don't touch anything else.
Okay?
-Yes, boss!
-Darn kids.
-Upin! Ipin!
-In here.
Yeah. Ehsan's got a new phone.
What's going on in here?
We were supposed to play ball!
Stay and help us clean, then.
For sure! Besides, we can play clean up!
Hey! Mail, don't even think about it!
Fine. I'll stay.
Guys, right here!
-Jarjit!
-Upin!
Out of the way!
Stop playing around!
Mei Mei! Susanti!
Here!
I'm Captain Ipin!
Feel the power of the Lone Gibbon Kris!
But how did it move by itself?
Why is the picture blurry?
What's inside that thing?
A five-eyed monster with teeth.
It's kind of small.
Is this the Lone Gibbon Kris
Tok was talking about?
A magic kris?
I could sell it and be rich!
Mail, nobody is going to sell it.
Because it's not yours.
Go. Yeah. Get it.
Heavy.
What? What a wimp!
Yeah. Come on, Mail.
I bet we could do it!
Oh! Careful.
And one, two, three!
-I can't believe it!
-How did they do it?
Awesome!
It's so light.
-Hey, Mail, what's wrong?
-Are you okay?
-Awesome shots!
-I think my shoe slipped.
Wait. What's this?
Upin, Ipin, look at this.
-What is it?
-Look here!
"When stars of two shine so bright,
darkness soon will turn to light."
It's floating!
Where's the blade?
What's happening?
Upin.
Ipin!
Don't let go!
Upin.
Ipin!
My head.
Where are we?
I have to get that magical hair.
Let's see.
One strand equals ten gold pieces.
Two strands are 20 gold pieces.
Three strands, that's 30 gold pieces.
Eight strands…
Eighty gold pieces.
Nine strands, 90 gold pieces.
Ten strands…
Wow!
Rich! I'll be super rich!
And I can marry the princess!
I've got to get that hair now!
What?
Batu Belah Batu Bertangkup!
Hair?
Jackpot!
Must… be… rich.
Gotta… get… that… hair.
Ouch!
Jarjit!
Run away!
Run, Ehsan!
Wait for me!
What was that scary glowing thing?
Help me!
Mei Mei!
‪Come on. I'll get you down.‬
That's Batu Belah Batu Bertangkup.
It eats people!
Everybody in Inderaloka knows that.
Inderaloka?
Yeah. Inderaloka.
Welcome to the kingdom
of the beautiful skies
and heavenly earth.
Where on earth are we?
We're lost!
Wait, we can use this!
Come on.
Unable to find location?
Daddy!
Help us, Tall Guy!
Hey!
Help!
Daddy!
We'll find the way back together.
Hey!
Daddy!
What are we going to do, Ipin?
Ipin?
Where's Ipin?
-Ipin!
-Where is he?
Ipin!
Ipin?
Ipin.
-Hey! Where are you?
-Ipin!
Upin?
Ipin, what's wrong?
Nothing.
It's so pretty!
Susanti! Hurry up.
-Come on!
-Wait for me!
Ehsan! Upin!
Where are you?
Ehsan!
Where is everybody?
Yeah, I'm getting really tired.
Just keep walking.
Bunch of babies.
It's got four wings!
I bet it's worth a lot!
One, two, three!
Here, look!
It's Atok's kris!
Run!
Come on!
-Thanks for saving--
-That'll be two gold pieces!
We have to pay you?
Yeah! Don't you know
how dangerous Reriangs are?
If we get caught, we're done for!
Wait up!
Why were they chasing you guys?
I don't know.
What are you looking at me for?
We got lost.
We'll never find our way back home.
It's okay, Fizi. We'll find our way out.
Somehow.
Who is this guy?
-It's getting dark.
-Oh no. What's that?
Come with me.
I can't stand it anymore!
I can feel its return!
It's come back!
Who dares to bring the kris
back into my kingdom?
The kingdom of Siong!
Seer!
My Lord, please don't hurt me.
The Lone… Gibbon. It's here.
The Lone Gibbon?
That dagger! That cursed kris!
Oh! Yes, kris, yes.
But it's impossible!
I've locked up all the entrances
to the kingdom. You must believe.
I felt its power
shake the ground yesterday!
I think that the Batu Belah
might be responsible.
Impossible, my lord.
Only I know how to open it.
Get out of my sight!
You better find that kris. Now, go.
Forgive me, my lord!
But I don't really know where to start.
But aren't you the best soothsayer
in all of Inderaloka?
The famous Pak Belalang?
It should be no problem for you.
Find it now!
But… I need my all-seeing bowl.
If you would just allow me
to go home and fetch it.
Go on. Drink. What are you waiting for?
Good, huh?
-Yummy!
-Drink up!
Belalang!
Papa?
This is it, Belalang!
We're completely done for!
We have to--
Hi!
Who are you?
I'm Fizi. These are--
Belalang, who are these children?
We have to get them out of here!
They got lost, Papa.
Poor kids.
I found them and helped them out.
Are you angry?
Oh, no.
But we have to get out of here right now!
Hurry! Pack up.
Where did you get that?
It's Atok's kris. We found it.
But its blade is just gone.
Where's the sheath?
I don't know! It's gone!
-Oh, I can't believe this.
-Ouch.
Oh, come on. It's all this kris' fault!
How did you--?
Weird.
How come only you and Upin can lift it?
There's another one?
Because we're super special!
Right?
Upin.
Then the prophecy is true!
You're the--
They're coming!
Hurry. Follow me!
Quickly. Over here.
A secret passage?
Hurry. Get in!
No! It's dark!
Get in!
They're here!
What's that sound?
Son! Protect the boy with the kris.
And find Nakhoda Ragam!
And stay away from men
with burn scars on their ears!
Papa?
Where are we?
This is where it goes?
Bananas for sale!
‪I want those. And those.‬
Two for one special. Come and get it.
‪Hey. Good day, madam.‬
Care for some fish?
Nakhoda Ragam has to be here.
Come on!
Do we have to?
What for?
Just follow him.
MEGAH HARBOR
What a beautiful sheath.
Have I seen it somewhere before?
It looks like it could be…
Nah, I couldn't have seen--
Tall Guy!
Tall Guy?
He looks funny.
You brats again.
Hey. It's Atok's kris!
Hey! That belongs to me.
No, it's Atok's! Give it back.
I don't care.
Hey!
This thing's worth some cash!
With that cash, I'll buy some chickens.
Then I can take the chickens
and exchange them for a big old cow!
Then, after I sell that cow…
I'll be rich!
And I'll finally marry
the king's daughter!
-Genius!
-Mister!
You sure do daydream a lot.
You're like Mat Jenin.
Hey! You're a really smart girl.
That's because I am Mat Jenin,
you're friendly neighborhood daydreamer!
But they're not just dreams,
oh no! They're goals!
Dream your future, and it will arrive!
Enough. I'm getting some food.
Food?
I'm getting hungry.
Are we there yet?
Here we are!
MAK DERUMA'S SMOKED BANANAS
You're so adorable!
Are you hungry?
-Want some smoked bananas?
-Yeah!
Two, three--
Two, three smoked bananas.
Com! Have some bananas!
-The bananas are here!
I smell bananas!
Mak Deruma, how have you been?
I get it, Mak Deruma. I owe you--
I'll pay you back.
Everybody, listen up!
All these bananas…
belong to Mek Min!
Stop the squawk.
Wow! So cool!
I like her! Tell me. Who is she?
The pirate queen.
What's Mak Deruma looking at?
Oh. She's looking at
that stone statue of her boy.
She cursed her own son into stone.
Why?
Her son Tanggang betrayed her.
He told Mak Der that she's not his mother.
Don't you kids be like that.
I bet she still misses him.
She opened this place
and only serves smoked bananas
because Tanggang loved them.
Mak?
Do you want a smoked banana?
We can share it!
We can share it, Mom.
Tanggang.
That's your son, isn't it?
The curse, how did you do it?
Mak, don't be sad.
I acted so rashly toward him.
I didn't know what to do.
I should have forgiven him.
So, do you forgive him now?
Tanggang.
I'd forgiven you long ago, my son,
but I couldn't say it
until now. I'm a forged woman.
I forgive you, Tanggang.
I forgive you.
Hey, look at this!
Look!
See? I knew it! It's a mystical kris!
There are some words here.
"Two souls--"
Let's go see!
You guys!
Wait for me!
Hey! Want to see something really neat?
Behold!
This is a magical kris that's invisible!
Invisible?
Nah! I bet it's a scam.
I swear I'm not lying.
This kris has a blade
that's invisible but very sharp.
Only the chosen ones are able to see it!
Here, come on. I'll show you!
The early bird gets the worm!
It's for sale! So?
What's going on?
Hey! That's Atok's kris!
It can be yours.
That is, for the right price!
-Give it back!
-Hey!
Get away! It's mine! Give it here.
‪Why can't he pick it up?‬
The Lone Gibbon?
Stop!
Which one of you is the chosen one?
Mak Der.
They've got to get out of here now.
Swordfish!
The island is under attack!
Listen here!
Defend our territory!
Pirates, do not let them in!
They're coming!
Stop that! There's an opening over there!
You! Go help!
Go! Now! Get to the harbor!
-But--
-Run!
Don't worry.
Go!
-Here they come!
-Mak!
-Go!
-Are you okay?
‪Watch out!‬
‪Take cover!‬
-Mak!
-Take cover. Now!
-The chosen one will return someday.
-This way. Over here.
‪Over here. Take cover.‬
Steady, men!
Mak!
So, I was right.
The kris has returned.
Re!
Ri!
Ang!
Destroy them all!
And bring the kris to me.
I, Raja Bersiong,
will prove that the prophecy
won't come true!
Come on. Let's go.
-We don't want to miss the show.
-We're going to miss the show.
‪-Come on.‬
‪-We're going to be late.‬
‪Oh, wow!‬
Seven heavens
Call upon its name
Seven lands
Tremble at its fame
The sacred kris with the nation's dreams
The sacred kris with the power of kings
Lost from the world for eternity
Centuries go by, passing like a breeze
It patiently awaits
To be discovered
Come on.
The kris will aid the one that's true
To deliver the traitors their due
Who is this one, our champion of heroes?
Who will rise and bring prosperity?
Seven heavens call upon its name
Seven lands tremble at its fame
The sacred kris with the power of kings
The sacred kris gives the nation
Hope to sing
Be not one to wander, lost in tragedy
The crown's fallen, the kingdom in defeat
Rise up to the throne now
Set your people free
Tears will reveal your true identity
Seven heavens call upon its name
Seven lands tremble at its fame
The sacred kris with the power of kings
The sacred kris gives the nation
Hope to sing
Be not one to wander, lost in tragedy
-The crown's fallen, the kingdom in defeat
-Ipin!
Rise up to the throne now
Set your people free
Tears will reveal your true identity
Ipin!
Upin?
Ipin.
Upin!
Ipin!
Be no wanderer, lost in tragedy
Rise up to the throne
Set your people free
Sing it!
Be no wanderer, lost in tragedy
Rise up to the throne
Set your people free
Be no wanderer, lost in tragedy
Rise up to the throne
Set your people free
Be no wanderer, lost in tragedy
Rise up to the throne
Set your people free
Hey, you followed me.
Of course, Ipin! We're twins.
And twins stick together.
Oh, wow. The sheath!
Oh! I've got the kris.
And look! I have the blade.
Whoa! How did you--?
Who's that?
It's the men
with burn scars on their ears.
Hand me that kris.
No way!
Who are you?
What happened?
Run! Come on. Let's go.
Ipin, help!
-Belalang!
-Wait!
Let go!
Go! Run. Save yourselves!
Hurry.
Come on. Hurry.
Two, three insects fly.
I'm too young to die!
Help!
Susanti!
Daddy!
Where's everyone?
Where are we?
Oh no!
Run, Ipin!
Hurry!
Got you!
Look out!
Yay! We did it.
Upin, look!
I think we better run.
Pathetic!
Hey! Come on.
‪Yeah.‬
Wait up.
Take that!
No. Get away.
Ipin, look!
Upin! Ipin!
Over here. Let's go.
Come on.
Ipin.
The Lone Gibbon Kris?
Yay! We did it!
Don't forget we have all your friends.
-Help!
-Help me!
-No!
-My friends!
Bring the kris
to the castle of Raja Bersiong.
Do it or else…
Just give them the kris!
-We can't!
If the kris falls into the wrong hands,
Inderaloka is doomed!
But our friends are in trouble and--
No. Your friends are safe for now.
As long as we have this,
they can't be hurt.
I don't care about that.
I want to make sure they're safe.
Yeah. Upin's right.
And after that, we can go home.
Because here, people turn into insects.
It's evil. It's so scary.
Hey. Don't be scared.
I'm your friend. Remember?
I'll be able to help you.
With our strength,
we're taking Raja Bersiong.
-Wow!
-Yes! To the castle of Raja Bersiong.
But wait. Where is it?
There's one way to get there, rascal.
I know a shortcut.
But how could you know that?
Who are you?
The ship sails across the ocean blue
The gambus in tune and the song is true
The music plays, and the sea is calm
I am…
I am Nakhoda Ragam!
Nakhoda Ragam?
Hey. I was told to look for you.
By my father.
So you're the son of Pak Belalang.
That means he must have known
about the kris already. He must have.
Yeah, he knows, for sure.
And he told me to take care of him.
"When stars of two shine so bright,
darkness soon will turn to light."
"Two souls will guide the way…"
Say what?
In that case…
Set sail to the Island of Delights.
Look how far we've gotten already.
Ipin! What's that?
What's what?
Wow. So cute.
Hey! Give it back!
My shoe!
Here.
Upin? Ipin?
Oh. They're gone!
Hey! Those trees look like kebabs,
don't you think?
-And look at all the tortoises!
-Wow!
Get back here!
Almost got it, Upin!
Everybody always wants to steal my shoe!
Where's that singing coming from?
Upin!
It's like milk!
Upin, look at that!
Come on!
‪Wow!‬
It's so pretty!
It looks just like home.
I really miss Opah and Kak Ros.
Me, too.
-Upin! Ipin!
-Opah?
Upin. Ipin.
Come home.
We miss you so much.
Well, come on.
I've even made fried chicken.
Come home.
-Opah!
-Upin, Ipin, come back to us.
Opah!
Akak!
Take my hand.
Opah!
There's that singing again.
Swinging slow and free
-As the wind calls to me
-Ipin, look!
Swinging to the sighings of my heart
Swinging slow and free
As the wind calls to me
My heart breaks from this reality
Belalang!
Upin, Ipin!
Where have you guys been?
We've been looking everywhere!
I guess we got lost.
May I ask who you are?
And how did you find your way
into this cave?
We are adventurers!
Belalang!
And who might you be?
I'm Bawang Merah.
I'm the guardian of this cave.
No time for this.
The important thing is,
how do we find the castle of Inderaloka?
Serves you right.
Because you're being rather rude.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
This swing belongs only to me.
Only I can sit on it. Like so.
Strange. Nobody is supposed to
know about this place.
How did a lady like you get in here?
Long ago--
Tell us!
I'm afraid… The truth is
that I'm trapped here.
I was betrayed by my own sister,
Bawang Putih.
-She broke my heart!
-Bawang Putih?
Because of her, I was put in this place.
I shouldn't have done that to my sister.
I regret it every day. Every single day.
I want to see her.
To say that I'm sorry.
Excuse me. But are you talking
here with us?
Because… I did something terrible!
I betrayed my sister.
The king was furious.
Raja Bersiong.
Hurry up, Jarjit.
It's those things again.
Help me!
I really miss Upin and Ipin.
Are they alive or are they--?
Don't say it. It's not true.
Upin and Ipin are the key!
What do you mean?
Only those two boys can save us
and the entire kingdom of Inderaloka
from the terrible, evil Raja Bersiong.
‪Upin and Ipin?‬
Merah!
Gee! What a happy story.
Enough. We need to get out of here.
We're wasting time.
If I remember right,
there is a pond
that shows the way to the castle.
Yes. There used to be,
but the pond dried up,
and the way to the castle
vanished along with it.
Don't fly away!
Catch it, Upin!
Hey, you two little troublemakers.
Put down my fairy!
You're scary, like our sister Ros.
Right, Ipin?
Sister… Ros?
We have a sister. Her name is Ros.
She can be mean sometimes,
but she's actually a good person.
She cooks us the best fried chicken!
And when we get sick…
She takes care of us.
And when we're being naughty…
She'll get angry
and she pulls on our ears
and it hurts so much.
Like this.
You fall for that every time.
But no matter how angry she gets,
she gives us so much love.
If we did something wrong,
she'd forgive us for sure
because she's our sister.
Sisters have to take care
of little brothers.
Don't you think so?
Yes, I do.
Sisters must forgive each other.
Family is more important than anything.
She is the only family
I have left in the world.
Putih, where are you?
I miss you so much, Putih.
I forgive you, Putih.
Swinging slow and free
As the wind calls to me
Swinging to the sighings of my heart
These tears will wash away
All the pain of yesterday
And this heart of mine
Will learn how to love again
"The kris will heed and obey."
Ouch!
Yes! I'm finally free.
I'm finally free!
Are we almost there?
The castle of Inderaloka.
Be careful.
Hurry! Here!
-They're gone.
-The coast is clear.
Let's go.
This looks like a jail.
Cool!
But it's empty. No bad guys in jail.
Upin! Ipin!
Guys!
Come over here.
Quiet!
Come over here!
Upin!
You guys have got to get us out of here.
-Putih?
-Hurry.
Putih!
Merah.
My dear sister!
Belalang, your dad's
in the one over there.
Yay! We can go home now.
Belalang! Here.
Dad, wake up!
Dad!
Belalang! Hurry. Let's get out of here!
Hurry!
Ipin, insects hate fire, right?
I think so.
Upin, watch out!
Come on!
Run, Ipin!
Run!
Upin! Ipin!
Jenin?
Inderaloka belongs to me, Raja Bersiong!
Go.
Save the prince.
The chosen one will return.
The Lone Gibbon Kris will awaken.
Tears will reveal your true identity.
Father!
Jenin!
You! Commander!
You took me from him!
Why? Why did you run?
Why didn't you help my father?
What have you done, Ragam?
Why did you leave him to die?
My lord!
My lord?
I was given orders
and I had to follow them.
I was sworn to protect the royal family.
Whose orders were they? Whose?
Your own father, the King of Inderaloka!
-You are the only heir--
-No!
Stop!
Everybody should stop fighting.
We're friends, right?
Yeah! Whatever we do, we do it as a team.
United we stand, divided we fall!
Father.
All of this is my fault.
I wasn't strong enough to save you.
Father, forgive me.
You cannot blame yourself, my prince.
No one could have seen it coming.
But the time to act is now
if we're going to make this right.
Think. Do you remember
what your father's final words were?
Do you?
The chosen one will return.
The Lone Gibbon Kris will awaken.
Tears will reveal your true identity!
"Two souls will guide the way.
The kris will heed and obey.
And good will--"
Raja Bersiong!
You've come back!
Finally, you have returned with the kris.
The Lone G… Gibbon.
Hand the kris over to me,
and I might even let you live.
Quite a deal, don't you think?
No! I swear to you,
this kris will be your undoing!
The kris!
Commander!
Ipin!
You will lose,
just like your father before you!
Poor little prince.
I am the all-powerful
-Raja Bersiong!
-What should we do?
-What do we do now?
-Ipin.
We have to help him!
-Can we do it?
-No one can defeat me.
I'm scared.
Together we can do this.
Mat Jenin! Wake up.
You will pay for this!
There are so many of them. What can we do?
We have to fight!
Yeah, she's right. Don't give up.
Don't you want to see home again?
Yeah, I want some chicken.
Let's fight!
Come on. Shoot!
A banana tree trunk?
Mak Der!
Who are they?
Mak Deruma?
-Attack!
I always wanted to be a pirate!
Time to set sail!
Papa?
Deruma, the Batu Belah
has opened. It's a sign! I'm sure of it.
Yes. Let's just hope we're not too late.
Mat Jenin! You've got to wake up!
Your precious Lone Gibbon Kris
does nothing.
It can't defeat me!
Fancy name, but it looks like
your trinket is powerless!
Ipin! Upin!
My lord.
Nakhoda!
Seer. Handmaiden.
My lord.
Don't you dare harm them, Bersiong!
Let them go!
Are you really going to try
that kris again?
My lord! You must read the inscription!
Read it!
Read it.
When stars of two…
"When stars of two shine so bright,
darkness soon will turn to light.
Two souls will guide the way.
The kris will heed and obey.
And good will win the fight!"
Ready to surrender yet?
-Upin! Ipin!
-Come!
Watch out!
Come on!
Three against one!
Now!
Get off me!
‪How dare you!‬
Upin, look!
Upin!
Time for you to die!
We did it!
You'll pay for that!
Look!
This kingdom is all mine!
Ouch! It burns!
Take it off!
No!
Give it back!
Hey!
Impossible. I am immortal.
I will never be defeated!
Mat Jenin!
Upin. Ipin.
Hooray! We won!
Long live the king!
Upin! Ipin!
You guys are just awesome!
Are you guys okay?
-Of course.
-We did it!
Thank goodness, you are all safe.
We can all go home now!
Please don't go.
I'm going to be all alone.
You can come with us. Come on.
But I can't leave behind my papa.
But that's why they have to leave.
They have families at home.
We can't wait to see
our grandma and sister again!
Hear that?
The Batu Belah Batu Bertangkup is open!
Hurry!
We must head there now,
as fast as we possibly can!
If it closes,
who knows when it'll open again?
-But how do we get there? It's so far.
-Oh no! This is the end. We're doomed!
Doomed!
Long live the king!
-He's so cute.
-Long live the king!
Hi.
Mak Der.
Be well.
Bye-bye! Let's go!
Come back soon.
I'll be waiting!
Over there!
Ipin!
He's still alive?
You think that you can defeat me?
I swear, I will destroy every one of you!
Grab it, Ipin.
Two, three little boats!
Look, I float!
Papa!
They got me, too.
Let me go!
You're squeezing too hard.
Mat Jenin!
My heart!
Help me! Get me out of here!
You've met your end, Siong.
Come on. Go!
Are you sure this is the right way home?
It's so scary.
You can trust my papa.
He's Pak Belalang, the seer.
Thank you, all.
For helping me take back my kingdom.
We must say our goodbyes here.
Mat Jenin.
Papa!
It's okay to cry.
But let's try a smile.
When will we ever see you again?
Someday soon.
Oh, I can't take it. Bye-bye.
Now, go on.
-Let's go.
-Bye! Don't forget to write!
-Come on.
-Bye!
-Bye.
-Upin! Ipin!
Give it to Atok.
A gift from me
and the people of Inderaloka.
A gift? What do you mean?
This kris is Atok's.
We've got to go!
Ipin, where are you?
Where are my glasses?
Where are we now?
We're back!
-Yay! We're home!
-We made it!
The Lone Gib--
Open the chest! Hurry!
Careful!
-And what are you doing?
-You scared us.
Are you sneaking around?
Atok!
We missed you, Tok!
We really did!
I leave you alone
for just five little minutes
and look what happened.
Just five minutes?
That can't be!
Wow! Nice and tidy!
Good job!
Come!
I'm treating you all to some ice-cream!
Let's go!
Come on, Tok.
We have lots and lots to tell you!
All right.
Come on!
You little troublemakers.
Your Majesty!
-One, two--
-Your Majesty!
They need our help!